Update maintenance notes on how to create a new release (#1192)
collective/icalendar: docs/contribute/maintenance.rst

        git branch -d release-$VERSION
        git push -d origin release-$VERSION

#.  Create a tag for the release on its release branch ``*.x`` and see if the `CI-tests`_ are running.

    .. code-block:: shell

        git checkout main
        git pull
        git checkout 7.x
        git rebase main
        git push 7.x  # to collective/icalendar
        git tag "v$VERSION"
        git push upstream "v$VERSION" # to collective/icalendar

    .. warning::

        Once a tag is pushed to the repository, it must not be re-tagged or deleted.
        This creates issues for downstream repositories.
        See :issue:`1033`.

#.  Once the tag is pushed and its `CI-tests`_ are passing.

>     You can check the `GitHub Actions <https://github.com/collective/icalendar/actions>`_ and wait for maintainers to get an e-mail:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#.  Once the tag is pushed and its `CI-tests`_ pass, check the `GitHub Actions <https://github.com/collective/icalendar/actions>`_, and wait for maintainers to get an email:
```

        tests: PyPI is waiting for your review

#.  If the release is approved by a maintainer, it will be pushed to `PyPI`_.

> #.  Copy this to the start of ``CHANGES.rst`` and increase the version number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#.  Copy this to the start of :file:`CHANGES.rst`, and increase the version number.
```
